=head1 NAME

Math::BaseArith - Perl extension for mixed-base number representation (like APL encode/decode)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Math::BaseArith qw( :all );

  encode_base( value, base_listref );

  decode_base( representation_listref, base_listref );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The inspiration for this module is a pair of functions in the APL 
programming language called encode (a.k.a. "represent" or "antibase)" 
and decode (a.k.a. base). Their principal use is to convert numbers from 
one number base to another. Mixed number bases are permitted. 

In this perl implementation, the representation of a number in a 
particular number base consists of a list refence (listref) whose 
elements are the digit values in that base. For example, the decimal 
number 31 would be expressed in binary as a list of five ones with any 
number of leading zeros: [0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1]. The same number 
expressed as three hexadecimal (base 16) digits would be [0, 1, 15], 
while in base 10 it would be [0, 3, 1]. Fifty-one inches would be 
expressed in yards, feet, inches as [1, 1, 3], an example of a mixed 
number base. 

In the following description of encode_base and decode_base, Q will mean 
an abstract value or quantity, R will be its representation and B will 
define the number base. Q will be a perl scalar; R and B are perl lists. 
The values in R correspond to the radix values in B. 

In the examples below, assume the output of B<print> has been altered by
setting $, = ' ' and that C<=E<gt>> is your shell prompt.

=head1 AUTHOR

Gary Puckering E<lt>jopuckering@rogers.comE<gt>

=cut
